>> Brian Holt: I want you to go make
a new file now called carousel.js.
>> Brian Holt: So
you want to make like a nice Carousel so
that people can like see the various
different pictures of the animals, right?.
So first thing we're gonna do here is
we're gonna say import React from 'react'.
>> Brian Holt: And then we're gonna say
class Carousel extends React.Component.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
this is gonna have two things we're gonna
have an array of all the various
different images, and
we're gonna have which one we're currently
showing, the active one, the active index.
So we're gonna say state =, and
the photos is gonna be an active array,
and active is going to be a number.
So we're gonna by default
select the first one.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and
then let's go ahead and
make the render,
>> Brian Holt: So
when I say const photos and
active = the stats state and
we are going to return a div
class name = carousel.
>> Brian Holt: Carousel is a word that
the more I type the more it looks strange,
I just can't,
don't know I don't understand it.
Then we are gonna put and image and
the source is gonna be equal to photos,
active, right?
>> Brian Holt: So, photos active,
this is gonna be an array of photos and
stuff I select the second one,
that will be two, right?
And I'll select that one.
And then, the alt text here will put for
it is animal or something like that.
>> Brian Holt: And then we are gonna
put do class name = carousel- smaller.
>> Brian Holt: And
then here inside of that we are gonna put
photos.map,
>> Brian Holt: And
then map has two parameters
that it provides.
One of them is the photo, right?
But it also gives you a second
one that is the index.
So when you grab that index as well,
>> Brian Holt: And
then we're gonna do
an implicit return here.
>> Brian Holt: If we were
being more attentive to better
accessibility practice is here.
Probably what we'll do is to
make this little button, right?
Like to see we'll click on
the smaller buttons and
that would cause an interaction over here.
Cuz buttons handle focus a lot better for
just the sake of time don't
do this in production but
I'm gonna show you just to put the event
listener directly on the image.
>> Brian Holt: So
the key is gonna be the photo.
>> Brian Holt: And then onClick where
gonna have to do something with that.
So we're gonna say this.handleIndexClick,
which we will build here momentarily.
>> Brian Holt: When you give it the data-
index, and what we're gonna do with
this is here instead of the handle index
click if someone clicks on the button,
then we're going to pull
the index off of the image here.
This is source equals photo className =.
So, if the index is triple = to the active
then we want to give it an active class.
Otherwise we don't wanna
give it a class okay,
and then the alt is going
to be animal thumbnail.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and this is gonna say
you did a really bad thing just belong
interact developments with quick handle
must have at least one keyboard listener.
>> Brian Holt: So
here you can do something like on.
>> Brian Holt: On key op or
something like that,
equals handle something like that.
We're not gonna do that right now.
For now, we're just going to ignore this.
>> Brian Holt: I like hesitate to
teach people that you can do this,
it's like you can ignore anything,
cuz one of these is eventually gonna be my
core work and am gonna be so upset at you.
>> Brian Holt: I went through and
did this correctly and
it takes a lot of time to get the
accessibility correct on this, so for now
I'm admonishing you to do it correctly,
but we're just gonna move on for now.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so now we have
to go make this handle indexClick.
Let's go ahead and just do the export at
the bottom because I always forget this.
So export, default, carousel, like so
and then now we're gonna go
make the handle indexClick.
Well, let's do the derive state
first this is kind of a fun one.
So the photos are gonna be passed in from
the parent component into the carousel
ride, so it's not gonna get request in the
details page, it's gonna request that, and
then we're going to set that
here in carousel, right?
But the pair is gonna give us a large
object full of lots of photos in
various different sizes and
they actually just want to weed out.
So just the sizes that we need.
So, I'm gonna show you how to use
static getDerivedStateFromProps,
I'm gonna grab media out of this, so
this is a special react method
that it must be static, okay.
And what it's gonna do is,
it's gonna take in a set of props and
give you back a new set of states.
So I'm gonna say let photos
equals new array full of another
place correlate picture.
Place corgey.com/600x600 like that.
So this would be the default image
if it doesn't have any images, okay?
Otherwise, if media.length,
then I want you to say
photos = media.map and
I'm just gonna pull out
all the large photos.
>> Brian Holt: Large and return that.
>> Brian Holt: Right, so these photo
objects will have small, medium, large and
full, and we're just grabbing
the large photos out of them.
So now photos will just be
an array of strings of URLs, okay?
Then down here we're going to return
whatever object that we want to be merged
into the state.
So we're gonna say return photos.
>> Brian Holt: So, again,
getDerivedStateFromProps takes in a set
of properties, does some filtering on them
and then passes that on to the component.
So this component's actually
never gonna see the media props.
It's never really gonna use them, right?
It's gonna use this photos
which is gonna keep in state.
So if you have any derived state, this is
a good way to handle those situations.
You don't have to do it this way.
I totally could have come down here and
said, instead of photos dot map,
I would have said this
stop props.media.map.
And then here I'll set photo.large and
photo.large.
I'll leave it to you decide if you
think this is a good idea or not,
I like it because it abstracts out some
of the logic into this kind of handler,
but
>> Brian Holt: Up to you.